README.md, before:

# 👑 Crown Anticheat

MCBE Anticheat by [THErealDIVIJ](https://github.com/QUATERS11) . 

## Introduction

Hello ! This is a MCBE Anticheat made majorly on ``/function`` packs . This anticheat is supportable on minecraft bedrock aka pocket edition , 1.18.12+ . Fully supportable on realms and servers. This anticheat will do zero to no effect on the performance of you server / realm . 

#    Main features    
* Jailing system
* Banning system
* Permanent banning system
* Non staff player clearing 

plus more !

### Installing

To install it in your realm / server , head to [Releases tab](https://github.com/QUATERS11/anticheat/releases/) and download the latest ``.mcpack``. 
Then import the pack to single player world and enable cheats.

After loading in , type

```
/function start
```
This would tag you as ``staff`` and you would be **immune** to the clearing system .
After running ``/function start`` you would see a structure loading above you and type

```
/function anticheat
```
in the repeating command block in the structure and enable it

**NOTE - All players with ``staff`` tag would be considered as the operators and would be immune to the Anticheat tests . To add more players as staff , do ``/tag <playername> add staff`` .**

## Built With

* [VSC](https://code.visualstudio.com) - The text editor used  
* Minecraft wiki
  * [Minecraft Fandom](https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Minecraft_Wiki)
  * [Minecraft addon doc](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/minecraft/creator/documents/gettingstarted)
## Contributing

To contribute, Join my [Support Discord](https://discord.gg/y7uVCGSyV9) or Create a new Pull request on this Anticheat's github .

## Authors

* **THErealDIVIJ** - *Initial work* - [QUATERS11](https://github.com/QUATERS11)
  * **Discord** - THErealDIVIJ#5638
  
## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](https://github.com/QUATERS11/anticheat/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details

## Notes

* Kindly Credit me in the Server or Realm that you are using this anticheat on . 
* If you have any doubt , queries , suggestions , join my [Discord](https://discord.gg/y7uVCGSyV9)

# Commands 
 * To Add a player as staff
``` /tag <playername> add staff```
 * To jail a player
```/tag <playername> add Jail```
* To release a player 
```/tag <playername> add Release```
* To Ban a player
```/tag <playername> add Ban```
**NOTE - All tags are case sensitive**

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

updated readme and added custom modules info

README.md, after:

# 👑 Crown Anticheat

MCBE Anticheat by [THErealDIVIJ](https://github.com/QUATERS11) . 

## Introduction

Hello ! This is a MCBE Anticheat made majorly on ``/function`` packs , and you can ask me for custom modules for your own server/realm. This anticheat is supportable on minecraft bedrock aka pocket edition , 1.18.12+ . Fully supportable on realms and servers. This anticheat will do zero to no effect on the performance of you server / realm . 

#    Main features    
* Jailing system
* Banning system
* Permanent banning system
* Non staff player clearing 

plus more !

### Installing

To install it in your realm / server , head to [Releases tab](https://github.com/QUATERS11/anticheat/releases/) and download the latest ``.mcpack``. 
Then import the pack to single player world and enable cheats.

After loading in , type

```
/function start
```
This would tag you as ``staff`` and you would be **immune** to the clearing system .
After running ``/function start`` you would see a structure loading above you and type

```
/function anticheat
```
in the repeating command block in the structure and enable it

**NOTE - All players with ``staff`` tag would be considered as the operators and would be immune to the Anticheat tests . To add more players as staff , do ``/tag <playername> add staff`` .**

## Built With

* [VSC](https://code.visualstudio.com) - The text editor used  
* Minecraft wiki
  * [Minecraft Fandom](https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Minecraft_Wiki)
  * [Minecraft addon doc](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/minecraft/creator/documents/gettingstarted)
## Contributing

To contribute, Join my [Support Discord](https://discord.gg/y7uVCGSyV9) or Create a new Pull request on this Anticheat's github .

## Authors

* **THErealDIVIJ** - *Initial work* - [QUATERS11](https://github.com/QUATERS11)
  * **Discord** - THErealDIVIJ#5638
  
## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](https://github.com/QUATERS11/anticheat/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details

## Notes

* Kindly Credit me in the Server or Realm that you are using this anticheat on . 
* If you have any doubt , queries , suggestions , join my [Discord](https://discord.gg/y7uVCGSyV9)

# Commands 
 * To Add a player as staff
``` /tag <playername> add staff```
 * To jail a player
```/tag <playername> add Jail```
* To release a player 
```/tag <playername> add Release```
* To Ban a player
```/tag <playername> add Ban```
**NOTE - All tags are case sensitive**

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
